== Seeking Algo

The site can found at https://boiling-sierra-2472.herokuapp.com/

We wanted to democratize finance. Our project brings the tools and information neccesary to create the foundation of trading algorithms, and puts it on a platform that even an aspirational high schooler can access. With Seeking Algo, we hope to provide tools that will allow investors of all skill and experience levels to test their ideas, as simple or as complex as they come, on decades of financial data, including:

* Equity markets daily opens, closes, highs, lows, volume
* Debt markets daily opens, closes, highs, lows, volume
* Several dozen macroeconomic events, as mined from news sources that have been digitized, including unemployment reports, interest rates, and geopolitical conflict, to name a few
* Inter-period price variation, volatility variation, and short interest

These tools can be fined tuned by the user, and as soon as our application is done crunching the numbers, there is instant feedback for the investor as to how their algo would have performed in the time period that they have selected. Hopefully, with enough exploration, investors will find algos that run so well on historical data that they will incorporate these trading strategies in their own investing, helping them find some alpha after we have helped them to seek their algo.

We also will provide a secondary feature for users, which is where we expect the real value added to come in. By texting or emailing premium users when their selected algos get triggered and suggests making a particular trade, we will create real fiscal value for our users, creating a monetezation mechanism for us and our partners.

We also will provide a message board on the site, allowing users to interact and share their ideas. We believe in the democratization of financial information, and we know that the facilitated sharing of ideas among our users is an essential mechanism to achieve that.

We know that Seeking Algo has the potential to revolutionize how retail investors allocate their resources, disrupting the industry and creating a more level playing field. We hope you will join us.